src/tasklist.md, before:

# Task list
## Major tasks:
❌Major WIP 1: add support for the other values besides backdrop (font, color, size)

❌Major WIP 2: convert script to OOP format with main function, separate GUI setup and backdrop

## Minor tasks:
❌WIP: Change main window display to preview image or add option to swap between two?

❌WIP: Add delete current url option (+restore last deleted?)

❌WIP: backdrop dropdown and main display list should be ordered the same way when updating to be less confusing

✅: Add gif support to backdrop types

❌WIP: Add support for other apps besides vencord (change file paths)

❌WIP: Reducing GUI window size from top or bottom removes the elements, anchor them to top and bottom

❌WIP: The main window and dropdown should update the display when a backdrop is added OR deleted, currently dropdown only updates when one is added and doesnt delete while main window updates both additions or deletions, but only after selecting new backdrop (add refresh button?)


Notes: dcsplus_gui is stable, self-contained barebones build, plan to work with OOP format instead.

Commit message:

fix readme, add exe, tasklist update

src/tasklist.md, after:

# Task list
## Major tasks:
❌Major WIP 1: add support for the other values besides backdrop (font, color, size)

❌Major WIP 2: convert script to OOP format with main function, separate GUI setup and backdrop

## Minor tasks:
❌WIP: Change main window display to preview image or add option to swap between two? (visual vs text)

❌WIP: Add delete current url option (+restore last deleted?)

❌WIP: backdrop dropdown and main display list should be ordered the same way when updating to be less confusing

❌WIP: "Backdrop list:" in main display should be displayed when file is loaded, not after first backdrop selection refresh

✅: Add gif support to backdrop types

✅: Add demos in readme and polish format

❌WIP: Add support for other apps besides vencord (change file paths)

❌WIP: Reducing GUI window size from top or bottom removes the elements, anchor them to top and bottom

❌WIP: The main window and dropdown should update the display when a backdrop is added OR deleted, currently dropdown only updates when one is added and doesnt delete while main window updates both additions or deletions, but only after selecting new backdrop (add refresh button?)


Notes: dcsplus_gui is stable, self-contained barebones build, plan to work with OOP format instead.
